# Five-Nights-At-Plushies-Plushies-4-CHAPTER-2-
-STORY-  The year is 1994. You, Dave Coleton, a worker that used to work at Showbiz Pizza Place have accepted a job at Fredbear's Daycare, FAZBEAR'S K-12 COMPANY's 1st Standalone establishment. (It's a daycare where kids from the ages of 5-11 can roleplay with the plushies: Fredbear, Springbonnie, Springfred and the Plush Police DUO and you can get some additional help from Helpfred, the state-of-the-art helpful animatronic while your there and it obviously has teachers, like daycares always do) On your first night there, you didn't know what to expect until you got a phone call from your guide. When you knew what to do, you checked the cameras and saw that one of the plushies are missing. If the plushies or some other robot gets you, they will never let you go.  YOUR PROBABLY ASKING ME: Why are you making CHAPTER 2 to the 4th Game?  Because FNAF PLUSHIES 4 Origins was originally gonna take place 3 Years before the events of FNAF PLUSHIES 1 V1-4 and this game is basically gonna be a revival of what i originally intended FNAF PLUSHIES 4 to be like.  CREDITS-     @22strezt -Coder, Modeler, Animator, Voice of Phone Guy/Helpfred,8-Bit Sprite Artist, New Mechanic Ideas  MODELERS:  Carlosparty19- Plushie Models (I edited the textures)  Coolioart- UW Freddy Model (I edited the textures to make him look like Helpfred)  HectorMKG- N.Freddy MODEL (I edited the textures to make him look like Scary Dave)  TheClassyPlushtrap- Freddy Fazbear MODEL (I edited the textures to make him look like Normal Dave)  { (THAT IS ALL...) }  (All music and sfx belong to their respectful owners,same with the characters,except for some of them though)  NOTE: I'm not gonna sue any people,but,this game is a anti-decompilable game just like the FNAF Series And by the way,if you see any bugs or glitches of some sort,then,report them to me as soon as possible so i can fix them. If i release the MFA,then,please don't reskin it,okay?  REQUIREMENTS:  -You must have a Windows 7/8/10 to play this game.  -If you have a different computer than some of the ones listed,then,some parts of the game won't work properly.  Press ALT+ENTER to Activate Fullscreen    More information Install instructions 1. Click the download button to download the game.  2. Double-Click the application and enjoy the game!  Download Fredbear's Daycare FULL-VERSION v1.0.2.exe 322 MB Development log Happy Belated 1st Anniversary, FNAF PLUSHIES 4 Chapter 2! Jul 21, 2021 Welcome to the RE-RELEASED Version of FNAF PLUSHIES 4 Chapter 2 (NOT FAKE) Nov 27, 2020 Comments Write your comment…    JaybornFLLOYD 3 months ago part three is out now   Reply Report    JaybornFLLOYD 4 months ago this game is amazing   Reply Report    CupcakeTV a year ago Im streaming this game on twich CupcakeTV watch if you like  Reply Report    KtiiuGalaxyC1 a year ago i like it  Reply Report    KtiiuGalaxyC1 a year ago so cool  Reply Report    KtiiuGalaxyC1 a year ago WOW real  Reply Report
